Draft charter for Workshop Capacity task force (#31)
carpentries/task-forces: 2022/workshop-capacity/workshop-capacity.md

We have been experiencing very limited availability of Instructors to teach Centrally-Organised Workshops (COW), and are currently unable
to meet demand from Members and a-la-carte workshop requests. We have had to cancel or postpone several workshops. Some strategies are
currently being explored to try to increase Instructor capacity, including providing compensation for Instructors and returning to in-person
workshops, however, it remains to be seen whether these changes will result in increased capacity and it may be some time before we know if
they are having the desired effects. 

### Objective
The objective of this task force is to evaluate three possible medium-term solutions to the problem of low Instructor availability and 
provide a recommendation to the Executive Team as to which solution to pursue. The recommended solution should be able to be implemented quickly 
(immediately to within 2 months) and should be sustainable for up to one year. The three solutions to explore are:
1. Hiring a new Core Team member for one year who will have a significant portion of their time dedicated to teaching workshops, 
2. Utilizing Core Team members to teach workshops, and

> 3. Reducing our workshop offerings to match Instructor availability and communicating explicitly with Members about reduced capacity. 

Reviewer: The objective of this task force is to identify a solution to the problem of low Instructor availability and provide a recommendation to the Executive Team. The recommended solution will be implemented quickly (immediately to within 2 months) and should be sustainable for up to one year. Two potential solutions to explore are provided below, however, the task force should brainstorm and weigh the pros and cons of all potential solutions:

- Utilizing Core Team members to teach workshops, and
- Reducing our workshop offerings to match Instructor availability and communicating explicitly with Members about reduced capacity.

> The objective of this task force is to evaluate three possible medium-term solutions to the problem of low Instructor availability and 
> provide a recommendation to the Executive Team as to which solution to pursue. The recommended solution should be able to be implemented quickly 
> (immediately to within 2 months) and should be sustainable for up to one year. The three solutions to explore are:
> 1. Hiring a new Core Team member for one year who will have a significant portion of their time dedicated to teaching workshops, 
> 2. Utilizing Core Team members to teach workshops, and
> 3. Reducing our workshop offerings to match Instructor availability and communicating explicitly with Members about reduced capacity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The objective of this task force is to identify a solution to the problem of low Instructor availability and provide a recommendation to the Executive Team. The recommended solution will be implemented quickly (immediately to within 2 months) and should be sustainable for up to one year. Two potential solutions to explore are provided below, however, the task force should brainstorm and weigh the pros and cons of all potential solutions:

- Utilizing Core Team members to teach workshops, and
- Reducing our workshop offerings to match Instructor availability and communicating explicitly with Members about reduced capacity.

```

### Deliverables

> 1. A pros and cons matrix comparing the three solutions listed above.

Reviewer 2: Please change to: 

1. A pros and cons matrix comparing potential solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A pros and cons matrix comparing potential solutions.
```

2. An explicit recommendation as to which solution to pursue. 

> The remaining deliverables are dependent upon which solution is recommended:

Reviewer 2: We can remove this section. Based on the feedback from our Core Team meeting (and my strong reservations about this option), we will not hire a CT member to teach workshops.
